---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/player-session-notes/session-2/"}
---

# Session 2

> <u>Player Recap (Ellis)</u>
> "We regrouped on the ground floor [[The Players/Olin-Ellis\|Olin-Ellis]] and [[The Players/Kai-Abbey\|Kai-Abbey]] walking out of the servants quarters, whilst coral and [[The Players/Sakaria-Tamara\|Sakaria-Tamara]] were still in somewhere. We all walked over to the main entrance way were the door was ajar spotting the stairs and a library we explored the library finding a room filled with books some with stamps of approval stating that the information was factorially correct, another strange book lied on the table this one seemed to go on about [[All/Stellite\|Stellite]] and the effects of it the books writing got worse and more discombobulated the more it went on. Later on in the book 2 pages were ripped out after finding this [[The Players/Olin-Ellis\|Olin-Ellis]] in went back into the entrance way to ensure no one was escaping out the front. 
> At the same time kai went outside to reinvestigate the window that she saw had a light coming out off. After [[The Players/Sakaria-Tamara\|Sakaria-Tamara]] found a sound dampening spell she decided to test it so she threw a chair across the room after this we regrouped in the stairs way making out way up the stairs once at the top we decided to head right leaving [[The Players/Olin-Ellis\|Olin-Ellis]] on the landing to ensure no one escaped. 
> [[The Players/Kai-Abbey\|Kai-Abbey]], [[The Players/Clara-Sammy\|Clara-Sammy]] [[The Players/Sakaria-Tamara\|Sakaria-Tamara]] searched the room to find a elven girl who had a deep gash on her neck after shouting the for [[The Players/Olin-Ellis\|Olin-Ellis]] he ran in and healed her making his back and under hood glow bright yellow. [[The Players/Clara-Sammy\|Clara-Sammy]] and [[The Players/Olin-Ellis\|Olin-Ellis]] tried to tried to shake her out of the shock still trembling they laid a trap for what they think is the [[All/Stellite\|Stellite]] infected noble. Using a spell which imitates a scream from the elven girl. 
> Having failed, having no effect after failing with this they made their way upstairs to find more dead bodies noticing these were the guards which should have been outside all with similar death incurring injuries. 
> Once investigating and taking in the scene they moved into the nobles room seeing a towering [[Npcs/Mysterious Figure\|woman with gold]] embedded into her body. After we all entered the room we noticed her almost sucking the nobles blood but she wasn't taking his blood it was more of the gold substance. [[Npcs/Mysterious Figure\|She]] took a surprising interesting in [[The Players/Sakaria-Tamara\|Sakaria-Tamara]] almost as if they've met before as the entire party tried to stop her either via spells, blood magic or physically all failing. As [[Npcs/Mysterious Figure\|she]] made her way to [[The Players/Sakaria-Tamara\|Sakaria-Tamara]] and eventually escaping out the window as guards came into the house making their way to  [[Npcs/Aquilan wyntris\|Aquilian Wyntris']] bed room."#